hey welcome back to review recap today i
will be showing you a suspenseful
thriller movie called run spoilers ahead
sit tight and enjoy
the movie starts in a hospital diane is
shown waiting restlessly about a report
from the doctors as her baby was born
prematurely when she is brought into the
room she sees her baby chloe and asks
the doctors if she will be okay
they don't answer her
18 years later chloe is an intelligent
girl who suffers from arrhythmia
hemochromatosis asthma diabetes and
paralysis resulting in her needing a
wheelchair to move around
she takes a number of medications and is
taken care of by diane chloe also has an
interest in technology and fixing home
appliances diane attends a support group
session for other mothers whose children
are going away to college
when asked about chloe diane remains
firm that she doesn't have to worry
about chloe
chloe has been looking out in the mail
for college admission letters but diane
always reaches the mailbox before her
and says there is nothing there for her
after bringing home groceries chloe
tries to sneak into the bag and get some
chocolates but she finds a container of
green and gray pills that appear to be
the exact same ones that diane has been
giving her
when diane brings it to her later that
night chloe asks if they are actually
hers but diane says she is mistaken
chloe later checks the container again
and sees a label with her name on it but
then peels it back to find diane's name
on it
chloe tries to look up the drug try
goxin on the internet only to find that
the internet has been disconnected
purposely by diane
she waits for her mom to go out of the
house as she tries to call someone for
information about the medicine
she tries the local pharmacy but the
pharmacist recognizes the number and
thinks it's diane forcing chloe to hang
up
she then tries an operator until she
gets to know that the call will be
charged by the minute and as she talks
diane will find out about it as a last
resort she dials a random number and
calls a man who is in the middle of an
argument with his girlfriend after
appealing to his ego to stop him from
hanging up chloe asks him to google
trigoxin and describe it to her
in spite of what she is holding the
trigox in the man looks up as a red pill
leaving chloe staggered
chloe gets diane to take her to see a
movie she excuses herself to use the
bathroom but really uses the opportunity
to run across to the pharmacy
she manages to cut the line and talk to
the pharmacist who recognizes the drug
from diane's prescriptions
the pill is not trigoxin but a muscle
relaxant for dogs called redocane
human ingestion causes leg paralysis
as chloe becomes shocked by this
discovery she gets asthma attack diane
quickly enters the pharmacy searching
for her she sends the other customers
away and gets chloe alone as she injects
her with a sedative
chloe wakes up to find herself locked in
the bedroom
she gets a hot needle and fills her
mouth with water before crawling out of
the window and making her way to diane's
bedroom window
using the hot needle to poke a crack on
the glass she spits the water to break
the glass
after crawling through chloe starts to
have an asthma attack and manages to
make it to her room to get her inhaler
she tries to go downstairs but falls
when the wheelchair lift breaks chloe
manages to just slightly move her legs
she wheels herself out of the house and
makes it down the road where she stops
the mailman tom who perceive her chloe
tells him about what diane has been
doing and he agrees to help her
unfortunately diane is driving down the
street and happens to see her she runs
to tom and asks to see her saying she
will take her to the hospital diane
instead gets a needle from her bag and
injects tom before getting chloe back
back at home diane has now chained
chloe's wheelchair in the basement while
it's shown that she killed thompson she
is seen dragging a bloody body away
chloe go through the rubbish and sees
all college acceptance letters she also
finds a box that reveals diane's dark
secret about her real baby chloe who
died after just over two hours from
being born
diane abducted another baby girl from
the hospital and chloe finds a newspaper
clipping of her birth parents crying as
well as a picture of her as a child with
apparently proper use of her legs when
diane goes downstairs chloe confronts
her if she was even ever sick and diane
is insistent that she has always been
taking care of her
she starts to make some kind of
neurotoxin to feed chloe but chloe locks
herself in the closet she then grabs a
bottle of organophosphate as diane
enters and chloe drinks it to poison
herself
diane widely attempts to stop her
later it's shown that diane brings chloe
to the hospital where she is settled but
cannot speak
when chloe wakes up she tries to message
the nurse by writing something down but
the nurse is called out on another job
diane takes advantage of the opportunity
to take chloe out of the hospital and
bring her back home the nurse returns
and sees that chloe scribbled mom on the
paper to alert her diane reaches an
escalator that is out of order but when
she tries to find another way out chloe
stops the wheelchair by planting her
feet on the ground and declaring she
doesn't need diane
security catches up to them and diane
pulls out her gun leading her to get
shot in the shoulder and fall down a
flight of stairs
seven years later chloe's life has
gotten better
she is married with a child and she has
slightly better use of her legs as well
as having been able to reunite with her
real parents chloe has also been
developing prosthetic limbs for children
the movie ends showing chloe visiting
diane in prison calling her mom
but she is also giving her rito cane to
prevent her from walking now having
control over her former captor
thanks for watching
please subscribe the channel to watch
more movies like this and help us grow